Please close the other instances of this message and try again.
The children of this directory will have 7 parent directories.
The report links errors to documentation about how to remedy common problems.
The security certificate for {0} is invalid.
Which Amazon MP3 storefront to use by default.
There was an error whilst launching the debugger.
"Online Sources
Amazon MP3 Import
Download and import music purchased from Amazon.com."
%s: %s is not in mbox format.
Useful for concept albums and classical music.
Examine and remove any rejected files.
Could not find a valid project backend for the directory given (%s).
"Should brasero filter hidden files
Should brasero filter hidden files."
"Failed to show help
Baobab
A graphical tool to analyze disk usage."
"While the test is running, click the button again to cancel it."
"Once you are done with all the modifications, click OK."
"Import media from a variety of sources
Import Playlist..."
"Mail Files
Problem Creating Mailboxes %s
You've successfully set up Balsa."
The signature could not be verified due to an invalid crypto engine.
"Unable to open the file: %s
Unable to open %s."
"Recently played games
A list of recently played games."
"Found level '%s' in: %s
Atomix
A puzzle game about atoms and molecules
translator-credits
Congratulations!"
"Do not install:
Build but do not install the target."
Please check that the track's location is accessible by the system.
"See above for details
CVS command is running — please wait until it finishes!"
Transferring POP message to %s failed.
"Data copy error
Mailbox %s does not appear to be an Mbox mailbox."
"Pick a Color
Directory could not be created (%s)
Error while loading the project."
"Are you sure you want to remove the target ""%s"" from the project?"
Cannot start terminal for debugging.
"Apple device Support
Support for most iPod/iPhone/iPad devices."
You may bypass the Preferences dialog by using drag and drop to move plugin tabs.
Do you want to do that ?
Click on Video project in the main window or choose ProjectNew projectNew video project.
"unknown error
forwarded message
Message from %s, subject: ""%s""
(URL)
Attach file
Attaching message failed."
Are you sure you want to remove the following target from project?
Make sure 'gdb' is installed on the system.
The source file will be deleted from the file system.
Then click the Validate button to start the test.
Pressing ControlAlta will select the last focused widget's accessible in Accerciser.
"To see more of the tree at startup, choose a greater depth."
"Could not obtain backup filename
Loading
Saving..."
"Quick open operations
The program is already running."
The CD/DVD copy options dialog will be shown; make the desired modifications (see for more information).
"Could not open %s: %s
The file '%s' is read-only!"
"Balsa Filters
Filter ""%s"" has no condition."
"The option not to recognize ""format=flowed"" text has been removed."
Next select a schema to use for the test.
"Established under name '%s'
Failed to register: %s
Name collision, picking new name '%s'."
"Please wait...
Scanning of %s failed: %s Check network connectivity."
This information will be written to the disc using CD-TEXT technology.
Selecting an accessible makes it available for further inspection using the loaded plugins.
"CVSROOT
Module
Vendor
Release
Are you sure that you do not want a log message?"
Move ~a onto an empty reserve slot.
Imports from the current working directory or Python path are also allowed.
"The possible values are:
To split the track, click on Slice."
Do you wish to discard the currently displayed values and reload configuration from disk?
"Accerciser Main Window
Shows main window."
"Use default GNOME terminal profile
You must provide a tool name!"
Interrupting the process may make disc unusable.
"Cannot execute gnome-terminal
Cannot start terminal for debugging."
"Action
Visible
Sensitive
System:
The ""%s"" utility is not installed."
"Sync your Android, iPod, and other devices."
Those names should be changed and truncated to 64 characters.
Under this section you will find a list view of all the available plugins.
"If you choose to create a new project, all changes made will be lost."
PAL/SECAM: format mainly used in European televisions.
Double click a row in the table to show the associated accessible in the tree.
"When Accerciser is first run, most plugins will reside here."
The following section explains the five types of project that you can create with Brasero.
Allow to execute program without debugger.
"Default window height
The window height value."
Could not find a valid project backend for the given directory (%s).
"From the menu bar, choose ToolsCheck Integrity, or press CtrlF."
"There is no plugin, default action, or application configured to handle this file type."
"Can not compile ""%s"": No compile rule defined for this file type."
"Installation directories:
List of custom installation directories used by targets in this group."
Do you want to save your change to the existing category?
Additional Vala compiler flags for this target.
Some important programs or development packages required to build this project are missing.
This option is not implemented yet.
Please insert a recordable CD or DVD with at least %i MiB of free space.
"You can use %% to get a ""%"" character."
Some files don't have a suitable name for a fully Windows-compatible CD.
Address could not be written to this address book.
"Audio Project
This section explains how to create an audio CD."
"Target: %s
Are you sure you want to remove the following source file from project?"
The primary notebook is the place where are created new notes.
"Set _Default Preferences
But I prefer tea."
Anjuta is very extensible with plugins.
Both are required for autocompletion in python files.
There are several plugins you can choose from.
"If you close without saving, your changes will be discarded."
CD-RW audio discs may not play correctly in older CD players and CD-TEXT won't be written.
Could not attach the file %s: %s.
Removing the preferred plugin will let Anjuta prompt you again to choose different plugin.
The decryption cannot be performed because this message is displayed more than once.
Please make sure they are installed properly before generating the project.
The maximum number of results has been reached.
"Installation failed: %s
The ""%s"" package is not installed."
"Simple notebook for GNOME
Take notes and export them everywhere."
"In the text box, enter a label to identify the disc."
Please check the preferences or install Valgrind package.
"The file with pathname ""%s"" is not a directory."
"Languages:
Select the languages for which you want to use this snippet."
The role of the name is purely informative.
"Detaching the process…
Failed to create FIFO file named %s."
"New version saved as ""%s""
Could not unlink file %s: %s
Cannot open mailbox."
"Scintilla Editor
The file '%s' has been changed."
"Disc Copy
Insert the CD or DVD you wish to copy into your drive."
"Select Path
The selected path is already selected for indexing and wasn't added."
"Parsing a message part failed: %s
Possible disk space problem."
The extension will be added according to the type.
"DVD and Audio CD Support
Watch DVDs, listen to and rip Audio CDs."
"MTP Media Player Support
Support for MTP devices, including many Creative Zen devices."
"There are opened filter run dialogs, close them before you can modify filters."
You can start it by clicking the button below.
Appending new files to a multisession disc is not advised.
"Key: %s
%s Please enter the passphrase for the secret key!"
"To search for optional terms, use OR."
The signature is valid but the key used to verify the signature has been revoked.
"Automatically refresh channels interval
The refresh rate for when to refresh all channels."
You should select MIME mode if the complete message shall be protected.
"Horizontal split
Position of the horizontal split of the main window."
"A typical value is ""sudo %s"" or ""su -c %q""."
Group: %s The group will not be deleted from file system.
The color name set here will be used as the color when creating new notes.
"Couldn't create a directory: mkdir() failed on pathname ""%s"", with error ""%s""."
"If you choose to create a new project, all files already added will be discarded."
"Confirm Rebuild iPod Database
Rebuilding your iPod database may take some time."
Do you still want to stop the debugger?
Please make sure Anjuta documentation package is install.
"If you do not save, all your changes will be lost."
"I_mport Session
Click here to import its contents
Please wait while the project is loading."
"Right plugin view
This is one of the two default plugin views."
"Evolution's address book, memos and tasks."
Only one directory can be specified.
Display the results as a ring chart or a treemap chart.
"Couldn't check out the supplied URI ""%s""."
PackageKit is required for installing missing packages.
"Additional objects:
Additional object files for this target."
A data integrity test will begin as soon as the disc is inserted.
Additional Yacc or Bison parser generator flags for this target.
"Brasero Main Window
The Brasero main window."
Various instruments for viewing and controlling an interface are available under each expander.
"X position of main window
The stored position of the main window, the X coordinate."
"Git version control
API Help
Devhelp Plugin for Anjuta."
This target does not have any profiling data.
"Default window width
The window width value."
"Torrent Downloader
Support downloading BitTorrent files from podcasts."
Type them separated by a single space.
Insert a blank CD or DVD into your drive.
There are not enough neighbours for this station.
Choose Add AC3 audio stream to add an AC-3 Dolby Digital stream to the disc.
"Getting ready to start debugging session…
The program is attached."
"The streaming system is offline for maintenance, please try again later."
This can be a problem when writing DVDs or large images.
"Missing components
Unable to build project assistant user interface reading %s."
An image of the disc has been created on your hard drive.
New project has been created successfully.
"_Search Directory
""%s"" does not have a suitable type for video projects."
Also note that any playlists you have on your iPod will be lost.
Anjuta is unable to attach to itself.
"Usage: billreminder [OPTIONS...]
Displays the version number for this application."
"_Resolve Conflicts...
Resolve conflicts in your working copy."
Project creation could fail if some files cannot be written.
An error prevented the signature verification.
"If you don't save, changes will be permanently lost."
"_Update...
Sync your local copy with the Subversion tree
Copy Files/Folders..."
There is no recordable disc inserted.
"Debugger connected
Program attached
Attaching to process: %d...
A process is already running."
Additional Objective C compiler flags for this target.
"_Patch…
Import an existing autotools project to Anjuta
Please select a project backend to use."
"GnomeCard Address Book
Configure Balsa
Use Balsa as default email client?"
"Internet Radio
Listen to and organize Internet Radio stations."
"Account details are needed before you can connect to Last.fm
No network connection detected."
"Your search for ""{0}"" did not match any files on your computer."
Please insert a recordable CD with at least %i MiB of free space.
"The disc in ""%s"" is not rewritable."
Banshee can build a new database for you.
The program will run without a terminal.
"Utilities
BPM Detection
Detect the beats per minute (BPM) of your music."
Face header file %s contains binary data.
"Enable ""-immed"" flag with cdrecord
Whether to use ""-immed"" flag with cdrecord."
"Vala support Plugin
Vala support plugin, adds code completion."
"Git: Pushing...
Git: Rebasing
Git: File removed."
"Pane to display audio projects
The pane to display with audio projects."
"_Eject when done importing
When an audio CD has been imported, automatically eject it."
This option is mainly useful for integration use with other applications.
"--version, -v\t\tDisplays the version number for this application."
"Save and Log In
Sign up for Last.fm
Last.fm username or password is invalid."
"Search service started
Starting service failed
Service is already running!"
This artist does not have enough fans for radio.
"The disc in ""%s"" is empty."
Press the button in the top-right of the main window and select Scan Folder….
"Program
No file or project currently opened."
Additional C compiler flags for this target.
"Last.fm Radio
Last.fm streaming radio for paid subscribers."
The size of the file is over 2 GiB.
Usually this process is longer than using an external MD5 file.
"For the best value, check the CD/DVD case."
"Pane to display video projects
The pane to display with video projects."
The signature is valid but the key used to verify the signature has expired.
"Importers for Amarok, Rhythmbox and iTunes
Import your library from Amarok, Rhythmbox or iTunes."
Warning: You should choose a name for the snippet!
Check if you have write access to the project directory.
"See above for details
Add Breakpoint…
Running…
_Debug Process…
Debug _Remote Target…
Add source paths…
Debugger Command…
Unable to execute: ""%s""."
I do not yet know how to remove it from remote server.
POP3 error: cannot open %s for writing.
Can not configure project: Missing configure script in %s.
"Are you sure you want to remove package ""%s""?"
You must enter a name for the server.
"Enter Passphrase
%s The passphrase for this key was bad, please try again!"
Recording audio tracks on a rewritable disc is not advised.
"Not enough space available on the disc in ""%s""."
"Please select branches to delete
Git: Deleted selected tags."
What is the reason for this?
Please insert a disc that is not copy protected.
Symbol Database Plugin for Anjuta (unstable).
"This is %(appname)s - Version: %(version)s
Print output messages."
Stations are only available to paying Last.fm subscribers.
Please make sure your version of Anjuta is up to date.
You can click on the project type you wish to start from here.
Move ~a onto an empty tableau slot.
Select this to split the track where a silence is present.
"The match ""%s"" was not found."
Using Banshee and iTunes with the same iPod is not recommended.
"Application performance profiler
Powerful debugging tool."
System will attempt to resubmit the message until you delete it.
"Keep target path:
Keep relative target path for installing it."
Please replace the disc with a disc holding data.
Are you sure you want to remove the following source file from the project?
See for how to change this key combination.
"Single layout view
Available new pluginviews
The default plugin layout for the top panel."
"This dialog contains tabs for each section, select the Plugins tab."
An link to the project web page if provided.
Source: %s The source file will not be deleted from file system.
"The disc in ""%s"" needs to be reloaded."
Scanning over the network may be slower than scanning a local file system.
You have finished all Atomix levels.
Revert changes to your working copy.
The file '%s' on the disk is more recent than the current buffer.
The user ID is of unknown validity.
"From the drop-down list Select a disc, select the disc you want to erase."
"Width of the main window
The width of the main window."
Additional C preprocessor flags for this target.
Unplayed games do not need to be represented.
From the Hashing algorithm to be used drop-down list select the algorithm you want to use.
"Pane to display data projects
The pane to display with data projects."
"Are you sure you want to remove the element ""%s"" from the project?"
"Banshee can rebuild your database, but some settings might be lost."
"Unable to export filter %s, an error occurred."
Such a disc cannot be copied without the proper plugins.
"The menu bar contains File, Edit, Bookmarks, View, and Help menus."
"The destination mailbox of the filter ""%s"" is ""%s""."
"When You Start Brasero
When you start Brasero the following window will be shown."
A tool with the same name already exists!
"Failed to save cache file ""%s"": %s."
"_Rename for Full Windows Compatibility
_Disable Full Windows Compatibility
Do you want to replace ""%s""?"
"Shared Library (Libtool)
Add support to compile shared and static libraries with Libtool."
Common additional C preprocessor flags for all targets in this group.
Subversion: Committing changes to the repository...
"Failed to Login to Last.fm
Either your username or password is invalid."
"Before using this new configuration, the default one needs to be removed."
"Program attached
Attaching to process: %d...
A process is already running."
You are searching for a five.
"About Accerciser
Accerciser was written by Eitan Isaacson (eitan@ascender.com)."
Gnome editor is not defined in your preferred applications.
"Server error, please try again later."
Could not find the JHBuild library directory.
Directories cannot be added to video discs.
First you may choose EditPreferences to activate the Preferences dialog.
"_Discard File
_Add File
Do you want to search for audio files inside the directory?"
Mailbox %s does not appear to be a Mh mailbox.
"You may use ""New IMAP subfolder"" later to add a mailbox with this name."
"Error Initializing MTP Device Support
There was an error intializing MTP device support."
"Most of the time the register function name contains the word ""register""."
Directories cannot be added to an audio disc.
"Please select a different directory, or try upgrading to a newer version of Anjuta."
Would you like to terminate it and attach the new process?
"A file named ""%s"" cannot be written: %s."
Please enter the URL of the repository to pull from.
Choose Create a VCD to create a Video CD.
"Plugin View Management
Accerciser has two modes for viewing plugins."
The request is missing a required parameter.
It is possible to divide a track in multiple parts.
It will ask for details of the initial structure for the application.
"Amazon MP3 Store Source
Browse, search, and purchase music from the Amazon MP3 store."
Press Tab to show completions for the current command.
Please select a project backend to open %s.
"Animations
Whether or not to animate card moves."
"Height of main window
The height of the main window."
This label will be shown as the name of the disc.
Do you want to continue with full Windows compatibility disabled?
"If the path is relative, it is relative to the home directory."
Please ensure Banshee has been cleanly installed.
NOTE: Such a file hierarchy is known to work on linux.
A file with this name already exists in the folder.
Disk Usage Analyzer is a graphical application for analysing storage device usage.
This part is not a real PGP signature.
"Dubious entry
New project creation has failed."
"The selection includes simple generic, flat (no subdirectory), GTK+, GNOME, Java, Python projects and more."
This station is only available to subscribers.
This title will be shown as the name of the disc.
"The signature, if there is any, cannot be checked."
Insert the CD or DVD to be checked into the drive.
Data removed from fast blanked media can still be recovered with special tools.
"DAAP Sharing
Browse and listen to music shared over your local network."
See the GNU General Public License for more details.
Do you really want to attach this file as reference?
You need JHBuild from 2012-11-06 or later.
The source file will not be deleted from the file system.
"The default game, Klondike, is being started instead."
"Default user name used in new project
If empty, the current user name is used."
Appending audio tracks to a CD is not advised.
Are you sure you want to remove the following module from the project?
"Notification Area Icon
Display an icon in the notification area for controlling Banshee."
"You may use ""New IMAP Folder"" later to add this folder again."
"Insert predefined macros into Editor
Macro Plugin
Patch Plugin
Patches files and directories."
Make sure Anjuta is installed correctly.
Please replace the disc with a recordable CD or DVD.
Accerciser is an interactive Python accessibility explorer for the GNOME desktop.
Save the changes of current project before closing?
From this drop-down list you can only select File image.
Any unsaved changes will be lost.
"Whether to use ""-use-the-force-luke=dao"" flag with growisofs
Whether to use ""-use-the-force-luke=dao"" flag with growisofs."
Please check the path to this target's profiling data file.
"Are you sure you want to remove the shortcut ""%s"" from the project?"
"Highlight fill color
The color and opacity of the highlight fill."
"Reply to all recipients of the current message
Reply to _Group..."
The contents of the project changed since it was saved.
"Window position
Window position (x and y)."
You may also mention what is the required version of the package.
Move your mouse over the rings chart displays more details about the folder and subfolders.
From Video formats select the format of the video that will be burned.
Could not save file %s: %s.
Whether the toolbar should be visible in main window.
"Sending error: %s
You have new mail."
The user ID is never valid.
This plugin is a fully-fledged IPython console.
"UPnP Client
Browse and play music and videos shared over your local network using UPnP."
Invalid or corrupted anjuta plugins profile.
Please replace the disc with a recordable DVD.
Could not open the file %s.
They should be relevant to the snippet content.
The API key used by this application is invalid.
"If you select a gradient, there will be two buttons for the color chooser."
"A file named ""%s"" already exists."
"Last.fm Scrobbling
Last.fm scrobbling and context pane recommendations."
Click on Copy to start the copying process.
Files are currently being converted to another format.
SMTP server cannot be reached.
"Getting ready to start debugging session...
No executable specified."
No result found for this research.
Do you want to replace it with the one you are saving?
"In the text box, enter the title you want to give to the disc."
Common additional Fortran compiler flags for all targets in this group.
"No silence could be detected
An error occured while detecting silences."
"Changes to be committed
Changed but not updated
No staged files selected."
Enables to set consistent sound levels between tracks.
"Manual section:
Section where are installed the man pages."
Please install them and check the python path in the preferences.
"Breakpoint number %s hit
Function finished
Debugger is ready."
Place a two in the leftmost slot of row ~a.
A list of URIs for partitions to be excluded from scanning.
The signature could not be verified due to a missing key.
Close it before you can modify filters.
"To run the validator, first select an item in the accessibility tree."
"Sound Menu Integration
Control Banshee from the Sound Menu."
Click on Pause on the toolbar or choose EditInsert a Pause.
Are you sure you want to remove the following elements from the project?
This mail address is already in this address book.
All files need to be analysed to complete this operation.
"Module: %s
Package: %s
The group will be deleted from the file system."
Please replace the disc with a recordable CD.
This group does not have enough members for radio.
It is not possible to write with the current set of plugins.
You can also select a recently used server instead of entering a new URL.
"The filter ""%s"" is not compatible with the mailbox type of ""%s""."
"MPRIS D-Bus interface
Control Banshee using the MPRIS D-Bus interface."
"File to syncronize the profile XML
Failed to read '%s': XML parse error."
"Git
There are no branches available."
"Please install ""packagekit-gnome"" package from your distribution, or install the missing packages manually."
This will result in the removal of the old obsolete paths.
Subversion: File will be removed on next commit.
"Categories Manager
The category ""%s"" already exists in the database!"
A graph painter for the inheritance of the classes.
"To save the project for later use, choose ProjectSave."
"Device Support
iPod Support
Support for most iPod devices."
"Do not rename the target with an optional prefix, used to avoid overwritting system program."
Click on Data project in the main window or choose ProjectNew ProjectNew Data Project.
"Enter new variable
Are you sure you want to remove variable ""%s""?"
See your operating system documentation for more information.
The plugin is extensible with test schemas that define rules for validation.
"Please enter a URL
Add Remote
Apply Mailbox Files
No stash selected."
"Clean All
Cleaning whole of the Project:
This file has not been saved."
"Use external program from Anjuta
Automake Build
Basic autotools build plugin."
"Choose charset
File %s is not encoded in US-ASCII or UTF-8."
Without mount points disk usage cannot be analyzed.
"Import %s
I_mport %s
Do you want to import the session from '%s'?"
"Unable to build user interface for tool editor
Opening %s
(output)
(error)
Running command: %s..."
